README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img width=30% src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10369094/30791447-5cd614e4-a167-11e7-8b9d-a3b77ae7cc40.png"></p>

## Introduction

You know [all](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/890191815567175680) [of](https://twitter.com/reactjs/status/890511993261654017) [those](https://twitter.com/notquiteleo/status/873483329345028096) [code](https://twitter.com/thejameskyle/status/884986927954497536) [screenshots](https://twitter.com/zeithq/status/805779711154647040) you see on Twitter? Though the code's usually impressive, we saw room for improvement in the aesthetic department. Carbon makes it easy to create and share beautiful images of your source code. So what are you waiting for? Go impress all of your followers with your newfound design prowess. 🎨

Visit [carbon.now.sh](https://carbon.now.sh) or read [our post](https://dawnlabs.io/blog/carbon/) to learn more about the project.

## Features

* **Import from GitHub gist**. Simply append a GitHub gist id to the url
* **Customization**. Customize things like your image's syntax theme, window style, and more
* **Share quickly**. Save your image or Tweet a link with one click

## Example

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10369094/30791512-cb001438-a167-11e7-952b-f0f0e5c4499e.png"></p>

## Usage

#### Import

There are a few different ways to import code into Carbon:
- Drop a file onto the editor
- Append a GitHub gist id to the url  (e.g. `carbon.now.sh/GIST_ID_HERE`)
- Paste your code directly

#### Customization

Once you've got all of your code into Carbon, you can customize your image by changing the syntax theme, background color, window theme, or padding.

#### Export/Sharing

After you've customized your image you can either Tweet a link to the image, or save it directly.

## Contribute

If you have discovered a bug or have a feature suggestion, feel free to create an issue on Github.

If you'd like to make some changes yourself, see the following:
1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device
2. Build and start the application: `yarn dev`
3. Finally, submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/) with your changes!

## Authors
Carbon is a project by <a href="http://dawnlabs.io/"><img width=8% src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10369094/25406306/dacebd4c-29cb-11e7-8e1c-468687cde495.png"></a>
- Mike Fix ([@mfix22](https://github.com/mfix22))
- Brian Dennis ([@briandennis](https://github.com/briandennis))
- Jake Dexheimer ([@jakedex](https://github.com/jakedex))

Commit message:

Getting started docs (#87)
* Updating the Contribute section of docs

* Syncing up README and CONTRIBUTING, Adding npm install step

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img width=30% src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10369094/30791447-5cd614e4-a167-11e7-8b9d-a3b77ae7cc40.png"></p>

## Introduction

You know [all](https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/890191815567175680) [of](https://twitter.com/reactjs/status/890511993261654017) [those](https://twitter.com/notquiteleo/status/873483329345028096) [code](https://twitter.com/thejameskyle/status/884986927954497536) [screenshots](https://twitter.com/zeithq/status/805779711154647040) you see on Twitter? Though the code's usually impressive, we saw room for improvement in the aesthetic department. Carbon makes it easy to create and share beautiful images of your source code. So what are you waiting for? Go impress all of your followers with your newfound design prowess. 🎨

Visit [carbon.now.sh](https://carbon.now.sh) or read [our post](https://dawnlabs.io/blog/carbon/) to learn more about the project.

## Features

* **Import from GitHub gist**. Simply append a GitHub gist id to the url
* **Customization**. Customize things like your image's syntax theme, window style, and more
* **Share quickly**. Save your image or Tweet a link with one click

## Example

<p align="center"><img width=100% src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10369094/30791512-cb001438-a167-11e7-952b-f0f0e5c4499e.png"></p>

## Usage

#### Import

There are a few different ways to import code into Carbon:
- Drop a file onto the editor
- Append a GitHub gist id to the url  (e.g. `carbon.now.sh/GIST_ID_HERE`)
- Paste your code directly

#### Customization

Once you've got all of your code into Carbon, you can customize your image by changing the syntax theme, background color, window theme, or padding.

#### Export/Sharing

After you've customized your image you can either Tweet a link to the image, or save it directly.

## Contribute

If you have discovered a bug or have a feature suggestion, feel free to create an issue on Github.

If you'd like to make some changes yourself, see the following:
1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device
2. Make sure yarn is globally installed (`npm install -g yarn`)
3. Run `yarn` to download required packages.
4. Build and start the application: `yarn dev`
5. Finally, submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/) with your changes!

## Authors
Carbon is a project by <a href="http://dawnlabs.io/"><img width=8% src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10369094/25406306/dacebd4c-29cb-11e7-8e1c-468687cde495.png"></a>
- Mike Fix ([@mfix22](https://github.com/mfix22))
- Brian Dennis ([@briandennis](https://github.com/briandennis))
- Jake Dexheimer ([@jakedex](https://github.com/jakedex))
